Hi, there.

As a blockchain and Solidity, Web3, Rust, Solana, Ethereum, Haskell smart contracts developer. 
I am very proficient with the Web 3.0, solidity programming language, Ethereum, token generation, DeFi, token generation, digital currency exchange, proof of work (POW),and modular blockchain development solutions.

I can accomplish the task to create a cryptocurrency website with frontend (pages) - Index Page(main page), Login, Register, UserPanel, etc. and backend of- All the pages mentioned in the frontend to be coded and also I need to build the platform on some blockchain that accept USDT for deposit.

Some latest completed blockchain-NFT projects

1. https://kroleo.com/ttdata/

Once the blockchain ecosystem was up and running, the client saw hordes of blockchain enthusiasts and enterprises  signingup on it.
The platform was a success because of the fact that everyone wanted to build their private blockchain networks. 
Besides, the platform even gave its users the capability to harness the power of decentralized innovations that were previously siloed in their respective blockchains. 

Here are some business outcomes that the client experienced once the blockchain ecosystem went live.

- Implemented the mega network of blockchains that were designed to improve the business ROI substantially
- Reduced the time of developing and deploying a blockchain network by 34 resource-hours
- Lowered the barriers of building a dedicated blockchain network for developers
- Enabled platform users to harness powerful SDKs to build customized blockchain solutions
- Improved the interoperability of multiple blockchain innovations

2. https://www.wakandainvestors.com/
3. http://multiledgers.com/
4. https://aussiedigital.io/tradezy-ecommerce
5. https://www.encryptuscapital.com/

...

About me
As a full-stack blockchain developer & solidity programmer, I have successfully delivered a wide range of custom cryptocurrency and blockchain development projects using the solidity(ethereum) and rust(solana) language with eye-catching user-friendly UI design and high-end functionalities.

I am very proficient with the solidity and rust programming language, Ethereum, Solana token generation, digital currency exchange, Solidity, proof of work (POW), and building innovative, highly customized, robust, feature-packed, and modular blockchain development solutions.

I am responsible for designing and implementing new innovative features and functionalities, establishing the blockchain, cryptocurrency, ICO, smart contracts application architecture, ensuring high-performance and availability, and managing all blockchain development & technical aspects. 

I work closely with project stack holders and end customers to provide an effective, visually appealing, and intuitive implementation.

Please feel free to shoot me a message to discuss in detail about your project.

Have a wonderful day!