-----------------------------------Web--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey there,

You'll be glad to know we have previously created similar platform previously we developed for one of our clients based in UAE which was also an online marketplace created to bridge the gap between customers and suppliers along with the feature of online payments (seamlessly integrated with Stripe) attached below. We've developed many customized dashboards, we can also provide custom solutions to you.

Another project for a client was on fleet management called 'Lorry Route' which is attached below. We created an account registration/login and an easily accessible dashboard for the carrier along with other major features like fleet management, routing, mapping, planning, tracking, automatic route complain generation via postcode, etc for the drivers.

We have been working closely with companies to build their applications using modern technologies such as:

• Front-End: React Js, Vue Js, Angular, Redux, Material UI, Bootstrap. (optional: HTML, CSS, Javascript)
• Backend: Node Js, Express, Python, Django, Flask, PHP, Laravel, Yii
• Database: MySQL, SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, DynamoDB, CartoDB, Fire base

Let me know of your availability to discuss this further.

Regards,
Sheraz
----------------------------------------------

Hello Vladislav
This is Alyosha Agapov who is familiar with Laravel.
I can convert this design to website using TailwindCSS.
I will keep pixel perfectly.
https://linkedin.com/in/blocklimax
Please contact me.
----------------------------------------------

Hi, It is clear to me that you want to develop new features for your existing marketplace web app along with re-designing the UI/UX of the app. I am confident to do this job for you as I have been working as a Full Stack Developer for the last 8 Years and have developed multiple marketplace web apps from scratch for various business domains. **I am ready to start immediately and I will be available for the next 5 months full time**

NOTE - To work on this project, I would need to go through the existing codebase in order to check the compatibility and to understand the app in a better way. I am ready to sign an NDA prior to you sharing any information related to it.

**I have a few queries related to this project, please clear them:-
a) Is it needed to develop all the features that you have mentioned in the job post OR a few of them?

b) What kind of broadcast will be sent to buyers and/or sellers?

c) Do you have any color or theme preference for the redesigning of the Flash sale, Homepage, banner, Login/register page?

d) Please explain the "Live Tag Reply Chat" feature in detail.

e) Do you already have CMS integrated into your portal OR do you want to me develop a custom CRM for you or integrate any 3rd party CMS?

f) Regarding Banner management, Do you want affiliate marketing in this platform whose banners & links are to be integrated here?

**
As a full stack developer, I have expertise in both frontend & backend development. I develop the websites starting from the conceptualization stage till the launch and then maintaining them afterward. I have experience in developing APIs as well as customizing/integrating 3rd party APIs like payment gateway APIs, social media APIs, Maps integration, etc. as per the clients' requirements into the websites. I have a full working knowledge of Agile methodology during the project development lifecycle that includes Requirement Analysis, Design Phase, Development, Testing and Debugging, Release.

Similar Marketplace developed by me:-
InVastor
Web - https://www.invastor.com/

InVastor Marketplace App has great features to sell or buy:-
- Chat with sellers in real-time
- Watch Videos of products
- Safe to buy/sell
- Easy to use
- Fun to use
- Fast local Delivery
- Great Deals
- Sell worldwide

We can discuss everything in detail regarding the project after connecting over a call at your suitable time. Please let me know your calendar schedule so that I can share my execution plan step by step as well as my estimations with you.

Best Regards,
Manoj

---------------------------------------------------------
Hi!

You can get the ready design from our FullStack Developers for your project in just two weeks. But this approach may not suit you.

It is reasonable if you face the following situations:

* when you’re pressed for time and it’s difficult to predict all possible hidden pitfalls with 3rd party integrations/Payment systems;
* when you plan to expand the functionality but incorrectly built architecture doesn’t allow to do so;
* when it’s important to keep security of personal data and code itself

Let’s set up a quick call and discuss the way we work in similar situations with your colleagues using your tech stack. BTW here are some examples:

Cabdo is a taxi service app. System automatically chooses the nearest driver, the driver accepts an order. An app counts the distance and price (written with using React, NodeJS and Redux):
https://www.cabdo.de/

Optimizer is a solution that simplifies and fully automates the process of «marketing campaign optimization». The «optimization» process consists of analyzing data from various sources and problem solving (written with using NodeJS, AngularJS, MongoDB):
http://theoptimizer.io/

VMO (TRYON CMS) is a platform for building and managing applications for different customers. As a result we have an application where the user can upload his/her photo and try it all the features on (written with using NodeJS, Python, Django):
https://www.marykay.com/en-us/tips-and-trends/makeover-and-beauty-tools/virtual-makeover
https://stylecaster.com/virtual-makeover/
https://www.airoptix.com/colors/color-studio.shtml

If it’s not relevant for you, let’s keep in touch anyway. If you’re interested - just drop me a line.

Regards,
Umbrella IT




---------------------------------------------------------------three.js---------------------------------------------------
Dynamic Animation (three.js)


Hi there,
I have done similar projects in Three.js, and can create a page like this where you upload the model, it will make a camera animation, record each frame, save to the server and then run a software like ffmpeg to compile the frames into a video and give you the link.
I'm more experienced in the three.js side of things, making everything look good with high quality, and the video conversion part I haven't done before, but I know in theory how it should work.
The different sizes might also present a challenge, or we set an height and width limit, or it's something manual that the user adjusts the scale before rendering.

Take a look at this Three.js page that we're building for KlimaDAO cryptocurrency, it's a three.js page that appears when the user scans a qr code, and it will display the carbon impact of their NFT in a 3d natural environment.
https://klimadao.aden.digital?staked=1

Also see this virtual assistant we are building
https://adn.aden.digital/threejs/
You can test running this function in chrome developer console to see the lipsync example:
LoadAudioWithViseme("https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/cdn.adn.ai/audio/speech01_en.mp3","https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/cdn.adn.ai/audio/speech01_en.marks");

See some examples of websites we created:
https://optivisaomais.optivisao.pt/
https://romboats.unloop.pt/
http://www.omare.pt
https://demo.aden.digital/BladeRunner/ (concept)

I am a digital artist and director of Aden, a studio based in Portugal. We specialize in websites, web experiences and app development. We have developed multiple interactive projects for agencies, retail, education, culture, tourism, events and would love to work with you.

See my portfolio :
https://raf.pt
https://adeninteractive.com
https://raf.pt/portfolio/RafSilva_UI_2021.pdf

Our production usually includes copywriting, wireframing, UI design, 3D and 2D art assets, animations, responsive development, cross browser compatibility, user testing, backoffice and SEO.
Development in HTML, CSS, Javascript, Three.JS, Node.JS, Vue.JS and Laravel
But of course we'll adapt it to your needs.

Send a message and we can talk about the project.

Thank you,
Rafael Silva




-----------

Tere,

I will write a script that loads a model from a Database/File/URL, captures a video of the 360 of the model, and then saves it to a Database. The camera will adjust its zoom depending on the size of the product using raycasting on the edges of the product. I will use Puppeteer to generate the video of the 3d scene.
BEST WORK: 3D Shed Configurator App. https://youtu.be/eaiVPsXLUvg
About Me:
I specialize in interactive and configurable WebGL apps. I mainly use advanced
WebGL libraries like ThreeJs.
I can also implement server-side rendering using puppeteer. This can be useful if you want to generate the blueprint of the configured product or a 3d analysis data in PDF format(example generated blueprint attached below.) The same concept can be applied to generate a video of the scene.
Portfolio:
I am the sole developer of all the apps listed here.
3D shed Designer app: https://youtu.be/eaiVPsXLUvg
All the geometry and uvs are generated from code. The app generates modular
geometries and then assembles them like a lego house. This enables highly
dynamic interaction but is harder on the developer side as there is a lot of
mathematics involved.
Sun Azimuth, altitude controller on a 3D Google
Map https://youtu.be/FnCTCKr9UzE
Solar panel annual Yield estimator: https://youtu.be/vsdt_wr0bzo
users model their roofs on Google Maps and then the app places 3d solar
panels on their roofs. Users can control the direction and intensity of the sun to
get an annual yield from the solar panels
I also have metaverse projects under development. I am willing to share them
during interview
Skills: React, Three,js, Type Script, node.js,express, webpack,babel,physics
engines,AWS
New Skills: Etherium, blockchain, solidity, docker, Kubernetes


--------------------------

Thank you for your job posting.

I am an expert Three.js developer with strong skills in building realistic scean and fiction scenes. I can setup stage, lights, filters and custom shaders based on your requirement.
Plus I can build automatic pipeline for video record and upload using javascript.
Please let me know when we can have detailed discussion for the project.
Thank you.

Yasser.


----------------------------


Hey,

I reviewed the job description and understood what you want but I would like to have a quick call session on Upwork so we can discuss this project in detail as this project needs to cover many areas on which I need to ask a few questions so I can give you suggestion and recommendations according to the feature and functionality that you require which is pretty moderate to build but with the right directions and guidelines it will be possible if we communicate efficiently.

I specialize in UI/UX, Website design including all the specialties that you have mentioned in your job description, and can assist you with your projects. I have been working together for various clients, designing or re-designing websites for quite a while now. I've designed and developed many websites and I have done Custom CSS, SVG, GSAP, and three.js animation.

Please have a look at the following website where you can see the animation that I've done.

https://futuritybioventures.com/ (3D scroll animation) (three.js)
https://www.squadeasy.com/en/ (3D scroll animation) (GSAP)
https://cowboy.com/ (3D animation) (three.js)
http://corva.ai/ (2D Isos animation) (JSON, SVG)

Also for the modeling, I can help you with it as my Partner is a professional 3D artist and has 10 years of experience in the industry. Here's his portfolio to review:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hAZ40IOGSPVQg7nMcxzvAyseVDWkX-1-?usp=sharing
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/16pIkPgvR90JyM1_YxcVOsXzigG--NhAP?usp=sharing

I am aware of all the precautions to be taken because of the sensitivity of the project and I will definitely result in a perfect choice for this project.

Hoping to hear from you.

Regards,
Shariq W

---------------------

Hi, For your project we would use rendered images of 360 rotation of the product. and in JS we would make a reaction to the movement of the mouse or finger to rotate the object. This would give maximum quality and more interaction with the user than video
How many products do you have in total?

I attached some of our works on 3d graphics for you to evaluate the quality.

Thanks,
Waiting for your answer

-----------------------

Hello, I have read your job posting and I know you are gonna convert fbx 3d modeling file from Blender to HTML web based application.
As a senior developer, I have rich experience in converting fbx, glb, gltf 3d modeling file to HTML web based application.
We can use WebGL for it and there are three.js, playcanvas, and babylon.js libraries.
Once, I check your fbx file, I will suggest a best option for it.
Looking forward to discuss in more detail via chat.
Thank you.



----------------------------------------------------------Blockchain------------------------------------------------------


----I need a Blockchain Developer

----1----


Hey, if I am getting this correctly, you need a website where anything that is on sale is actually posted as a video / a stream, and users watch this and place their bids on it. If this is the case I have done something very very similar and I am actually building the app for it {can provide the whole detail on it if you need it}. So adding a smart contract won't be an issue. However, I would need to know more details, you mentioned Squarespace? Is the current website developed in Squarespace because that can cause issues? So let me know if we can have a call and discuss this thoroughly.

have a look at these couple of projects that I have worked on and developed:
https://gwallet.tech/ {A complete exchange}
https://dreamerz.io/ {NFT market place with mystery box features}
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cryptokara&hl=en&gl=US A complete wallet app.

Thanks!


----2-----

Hello there!
My name is Alex, I'm a full stack blockchain developer from Unistory.
In general, our team specializes in different web3 projects, and, by the way, we're developing NFT Marketplace for one of the London galleries with English and Dutch auction functionality. Think that skills we gained from this project will be definitely useful on your!

Talking about your project, first of all, I'd like to see your current platform for sure! Is it blockchain related as well? Would be great, if you could share as more information about it as it possible.
I want to warn you right away - that's not a really good idea to integrate smart contracts and other blockchain parts into Squarespace website.
Firstly, most of the existing plugins do not work well enough and there may be numerous bugs when upgrading. Secondly, you cut yourself off from the scalability - if you want to add functionality that is not implemented in any of the plugins, you will have to rewrite all the code, which is very long and expensive. That would be much easier and cheaper to rebuild the whole platform with frameworks or just add new pages separately from your website (with auction for example), that built on frameworks.
Anyway, I would be glad to discuss everything in detail during the call or on a chat together! Think we definitely find the most suitable way of development!

For now, take a look at some of my previous NFT/Blockchain projects that I've design and partially developed:
https://neuralpepe.com - It's an NFT project that generates the images using Artificial Intelligence. It also has the local $AI token that I've listed on several DEXs
https://theheistgame.io - It’s a P2E NFT game, in which you can assemble a team of robbers from the popular series Money Heist. Also here you can find the NFT collection, which you can use to play the game!
https://millionpieces.io - Here you can find the DAO in which users have the opportunity to mint the virtual land, insert any image in there and even merge it!


----------------------------------------------------------




----------------------------------------------------------

Hello there!
My name is Alex, I'm the fullstack blockchain developer with over 5 years of relevant experience. I'm pretty familiar with smart contract development, TRON blockchain and backend development, so I'll be glad to provide you my skills and knowledge :)

To start with, I'd like to understand the scope of work on your project. Here're the queistions I have:
1) What is the general idea of your future platform? What will be its functionality?
2) Have you got a design concept for the project? Maybe you've got some references?
3) Have you got a project documentation or project description so I can understand what exactly needs to be done?

Take a look at some of my previous NFT/Blockchain projects I've developed (including the smart contracts):
1) https://neuralpepe.com - It's an NFT project that generates the images using Artificial Intelligence. It also has the local $AI token that I've listed on several DEX's
2) https://theheistgame.io - It’s a P2E NFT game, in which you can assemble a team of robbers from the popular series Money Heist. Also here you can find the NFT collection, which you can use to play the game!
3) https://millionpieces.io - It's my own NFT project and here you can find the DAO in which users have the opportunity to mint the virtual land, insert any image in there and even merge it!

Chat me back to discuss all details of your future project!


------------------------------------------------------------

Hi, how are you today?
I read your job description carefully and found that you're looking for a blockchain developer who can build project and work together for long-term.
Through your job post, I found that you mentioned only the start part of your project.
In the start part, you just want to build front-pages including login, dashboard, userpanel and so on.
Also you want to build backend for frontend pages and platforms in some blockchains for users to deposit USDT.

Here're my skills and previous works which demonstrates I'm the best candidate for this project.

Smart Contract:
- ERC-721, ERC-20, BEP-721, BEP-20
- Tokenomics management, ICO, IDO
- DeFi (Pancakeswap, Uniswap, Staking, Liquidity Pools)
- NFT marketplace (Opensea integration, Auction, Lottery, Lazy Mint)

Frontend:
- ReactJS / NextJS / VueJS
- Deep experience and knowledge on Redux / React Hooks / Context.
- HTML / CSS / TAILWIND for pixel-perfect work
- CI / CD with Vercel, AWS / AmplifyApp, Heroku

Backend:
- NodeJS / REST API
- GraphQL / Apollo / Subgraph
- MySQL / Firebase / Postgresql / MongoDB
- Agile software development

https://www.meta-legends.com/
https://www.billionaireclubnft.com/
https://mooningmonkey.com/

I'm flexible with my working hours and will be appreciated to discuss your project at your earliest convenience.
Hope that we can work together to make your project a success.



------------------------------------------------------------

Hello there!
My name is Alex, I'm the fullstack blockchain developer with over 5 years of relevant experience. I'm pretty familiar with smart contract development, TRON blockchain and backend development, so I'll be glad to provide you my skills and knowledge :)

To start with, I'd like to understand the scope of work on your project. Here're the queistions I have:
1) What is the general idea of your future platform? What will be its functionality?
2) Have you got a design concept for the project? Maybe you've got some references?
3) Have you got a project documentation or project description so I can understand what exactly needs to be done?

Take a look at some of my previous NFT/Blockchain projects I've developed (including the smart contracts):
1) https://neuralpepe.com - It's an NFT project that generates the images using Artificial Intelligence. It also has the local $AI token that I've listed on several DEX's
2) https://theheistgame.io - It’s a P2E NFT game, in which you can assemble a team of robbers from the popular series Money Heist. Also here you can find the NFT collection, which you can use to play the game!
3) https://millionpieces.io - It's my own NFT project and here you can find the DAO in which users have the opportunity to mint the virtual land, insert any image in there and even merge it!

Chat me back to discuss all details of your future project!

------------------------------------------------------------

Hi.
I understand that you are searching for a skilled app developer to produce an eventually released iOS version app for NFT minting and breeding. The app should also incorporate the transfer of ERC20 token versions to the forthcoming version.

With 12 years of experience in app development, I've worked on a variety of iOS and Android apps.
please take a peek at my portfolio.

Given the project,I can start right away and deliver a punch.

I'd be pleased to talk more about the project with you over a call.

Thanks





