Hi,

Your project really looks interesting to work as the requirement comes in my expertise. I can definitely help you with continuing the development of a backend API built to support a mobile application, admin portal and customer facing website. Could you please share more details about your project such as project related documents with me? It will help me to understand the project & its deliverable very well. Let me know your convenient time for further discussion.

To brief myself, I am a result-oriented and highly motivated Full Stack developer with over 7+ years experience with Software Development. I am specialized in NODE JS, Angular JS, Angular 2_9, ReactJS, ExpressJS, AWS, MySQL, SQL, NoSQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Microservices, REST API, API development, API Integration and developing Backend apps using NodeJS mainly in AWS services namely Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, DynamoDB, DMS, API Gateway, S3, SNS, Elasticsearch, EC2, Route 53, etc.

I have worked with a lot of libs such as redux-form, redux-saga and Competent in creating components using ReactJS and also with popular ReactJS workflows; Redux.

Over the years, I have created from scratch and improved many Websites, Web Applications, Backend APIs & services, and worked in a variety of niches, including eCommerce, Social Media Platforms, Data Visualizations, Event Applications, Enterprise Apps, SaaS Projects & B2B Applications, etc.

Technologies: ReactJS, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, highcharts-react-official, qrcode.react, google-maps-react, PostgreSQL, AWS Serverless Application using NodeJS, AWS Lambda, AWS API Gateway, AWS Cloudformation, AWS RDS, AWS Cognito, AWS Cloudwatch, IAM, S3, IoT Core, Dynamodb, AWS CloudFront, Visual Studio Editor.

I have an excellent amount of working experience in Agile Scrum development methodology.

I have hands-on experience with 3rd party API integration like Payment gateways, Quickbook, Twilio, etc.

I am eager to work with you, to provide reliable, consistent, and High-Level solutions to design/development challenges. Please contact me, so we can discuss how we can work together to FULLY meet your Business Needs!

Thank you for your attention.